docs(contributing): initial setup for contributing guide (#31)
mun-lang/mun: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Mun

Ah! Good to see you are reading this. We feel that developing a programming

> language without the input of our target audience is counterproductive, therefor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language without the input of our target audience is counterproductive. Therefore
```

we gladly welcome contributions from all developers! 

> If you haven't already, [join our discord server](https://discord.gg/SfvvcCU). We can help you get underway with working on the things you're most excited about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't already, [join our discord server](https://discord.gg/SfvvcCU). We can help you get underway with the things you're most excited about.
```

> Here are some important resources to get you on your way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some important resources to get started are:
```

- [Our roadmap](https://trello.com/b/ZcMiREnC/mun-roadmap) gives a very broad
  overview of where we're heading.

> - We're usually online on our [our discord server](https://discord.gg/SfvvcCU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We're usually online on [our discord server](https://discord.gg/SfvvcCU)
```

>   during business hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  during business hours (UTC+1).
```

- Bugs? [Report them on GitHub](https://github.com/mun-lang/mun/issues)

> - What is our vision on [testing](testing)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What is our vision on [testing](#testing)?
```

  - Try to use [Test Driven Development](#test-driven-development)

>   - About [Snapshot tests](#snapshot-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - About [snapshot tests](#snapshot-tests)
```

- How to [submit changes](#submitting-changes)?
  - Writing [commit messages](#commit-message-format)

## Testing

We feel that having an extensive [regression
testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regression_testing) suite allows

> developers to add new features or change existing features with the confidence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developers to add new features or change existing features with more confidence;
```

> that their changes behave the way they expect it to behave without unknowingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
knowing that changes behave the way you expect them to and without unwittingly
```

impacting other features.

### Test Driven Development

We try to implement new features using [Test Driven Development
(TTD)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development). In practice this

> means that we implement new features by first writing a test to ensure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
means that we write tests - based on requirements - before implementing new features to ensure
```

> feature works. This allows us to very easily integrate regression testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that they work. This seamlessly integrates with regression testing, as
```

> because all the code we used to test a feature still exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is no extra workload.
```

### Snapshot tests

> We often use snapshot tests to test whether a feature generates (and keeps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A snapshot test asserts that the output of an operation doesn't change. As such, we use it to verify that a feature generates (and keeps
```

> generating) the correct output. A snapshot test asserts that the output of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generating) the correct output. The [insta crate](https://crates.io/crates/insta) is
```

> operation doesn't change. The [insta crate](https://crates.io/crates/insta) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

used throughout the codebase to enable this functionality. See
[crates/mun_hir/src/ty/tests.rs](crates/mun_hir/src/ty/tests.rs) for an example.

## Submitting changes

> Please send a [GitHub Pull Request to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit a [GitHub Pull Request to
```

mun-lang/mun](https://github.com/mun-lang/mun/pull/new/master) with a clear list

> of what you've done (read more about [pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of changes (read more about [pull
```

> requests](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/)). When you send a pull request,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/)). When you submit a pull request,
```

> requests](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/)). When you send a pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests](http://help.github.com/pull-requests/)). When you send a pull request,
```

> try to make sure you include tests that validate the feature you implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make sure to include tests that validate the implemented feature or bugfix
```

> ([read about testing in Mun](testing)). Also, make sure you run `cargo fmt` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
([read about testing in Mun](testing)). Before committing, please confirm that your code
```

> ([read about testing in Mun](testing)). Also, make sure you run `cargo fmt` to

Reviewer: If `cargo-husky already does this automatically, do we still need to mention this separately?

Author: Yes because you can totally ignore all that. I also want to make sure we document what is required for a PR even though we automated it.

> ensure the codebase has a consistent code style and `cargo clippy` to ensure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
style is correct (using `cargo fmt`) and all lint warning have been resolved
```

> there are no lint warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(using `cargo clippy`). We integrated [cargo-husky](https://github.com/rhysd/cargo-husky)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a pre-commit hook, to make this process as simple as possible.
```

> there are no linting warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there are no lint warnings.
```

> We integrated [cargo-husky](https://github.com/rhysd/cargo-husky) to perform all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> these changes before you commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Commit message format

> Always write a clear log mesage for your commits. We use the [Conventional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always write a clear log message for your commits. We use the [Conventional
```

> Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) commit message format. A commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format, which states that a commit
```

message should be structured as follows:

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]
```

BREAKING CHANGE: a commit that has a footer BREAKING CHANGE:, or appends a !
after the type/scope, introduces a breaking API change (correlating with MAJOR
in semantic versioning). A BREAKING CHANGE can be part of commits of any type.

Recommended *type*s are: `feat`, `fix`, `ci`, `docs`, `style`, `refactor`,
`perf`, `test`, `revert` or `improvement`. 

One-line messages are fine for small changes, but bigger changes should include
a body.

#### Examples

```
feat: allow provided config object to extend other configs
```
```
refactor!: drop support for Node 6
```
```
feat(lang): add polish language
```
```
fix: correct minor typos in code

see the issue for details

on typos fixed.

Reviewed-by: Z
Refs #133
```

For more examples, check [recent commit
message](https://github.com/mun-lang/mun/commits/master).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
